Station
are you feeling so far part of a
Frankenstein it's not that bad anyway I
only need you for another five minute or
so yes master
be very proud Andrew
you're taking part in a research program
someday restore lost memory to the ill
and the injured this machine can do all
of that that if that doesn't work out
you can always open it up as a tanning
salon or I can push this button and
project the Alpha beam you'll be bald in
three seconds relax I'm just kidding
come on get back in the machine
let's manifest some more of the images
you have in your memory banks the name
is sorry it's Jeffy hello dr. J it's me
oh my god ed huh you're next Andrew hold
it you're a great guy doc you say I
this is like a rerun of my life
incredible isn't it you see the brain
records images in these cracks and
crevices now theoretically with the
brains of generative powers by reacts
perience in memories the mind will refil
lost memories Oh kind of like summer
school and kinda watch this
listen I know I said this isn't as bad
as I thought it will be but it does feel
kind of creepy creepy we're gonna say
why because you're seeing all my very
personal experiences and my closest
friend I think it goes without saying
that I would never ever breathe a word
of this to anyone
Thanks unless of course you get out of
line in which case I will blackmail you
for the rest of your life storm acoustic
reverberation produced in cumulonimbus
clouds huh killer storm excuse me hello
oh no Stephanie yes of course I remember
all right see you then Andrew do you
remember anything about your mother
asking you to go to Aaron's recital
tonight not a thing
neither do I maybe you should get in
this memory machine with me doc yes well
maybe we should carry on we have to pick
up the girls by 8:30 let's see if we can
transform more of your superpowers
doesn't hurt her
okay if you're alright fine
hey enough for that Andrew just saved my
life
Oh saved your life hug carry on
you're right
the dilation
normal heartbeat normal reflexes pouch
normal
and what do you hear me I hear you Oh
what is scare you have no idea how glad
I am the chair alright sure I'm all
right question yes Who am I Andrew
question number two where am I in my lab
of course my lab don't you remember
Oh your lab question number three who
are you
I get it you're having a little fun with
the old doctor you're not having a
little fun with the old doctor that's
bad all right I've got to remain Khan
I've got to think what the heck happened
all right just stay calm stay calm
let me think let's see all right I I
switched on the neutron laser beam the
memory modules activated then the
lightning hit that's it
it was the lightning that I destroyed
your brain Oh Andrew please forgive me
I'm so sorry
I never calculated the possibility of a
lightning charge disrupting your surge
capacitators what are we gonna do we can
get back to question number one Who am I
you're Andrew Clements and I'm dr. Jeff
coach a friend and you do this to me
some friend Oh what Oh Stephanie sorry
no no everything is everything is great
okay okay bye all right let's not panic
that was your mother she's expecting us
in 45 minutes now just stay calm stay
calm that's that's the opposite of
petting then we'll be able to that's it
that's it the opposite of bettery I've
got to reverse the process I've got to
install the memories that I've withdrawn
from your brain quickly back into the
machine get back in that thing you
already lost my memory and I've grown
quite fond of my other body parts but
now I know how to get it back look
Andrew I know I'm asking him awful lot
of you to trust me but maybe this will
convince you that we're close friends
come on dr. J
you mama's boy just now I let you down
what gonna be a little difficult to win
the race now that's okay okay we wanted
to beat Kyle and Jason yeah but we race
together that's what counts
I really wanted to win that hey I got
something even better
boy I guess we were good friends are but
there's no time for nostalgia your
mother's expecting us my mother what she
like she's got a smile that could melt
the great Anchorage glacier a
personality that could outshine your
aura borealis and the beauty that could
put a sterling rose to shame you kind of
like her huh she's okay sure this
thing's safe well barring any unexpected
electrical surges let's put it this way
if it doesn't work we can use it in a
tanning salon yes well well I'm not
taking the blame for that joke it was
yours
mrs. Jeffco mrs. Jeffcoat that the the
mailman every day he walks right by my
house and and and he misses Jeff don't
completely believe me Stephanie it's
just so annoying hi there I'm Andrew oh
hi yeah we've met as a matter of fact it
took your father and me two days to pick
that name for you oh so you are my
mother in a comedy club
so you're my mother he's alright alright
then I just wanted to tell you that if
we get to the auditorium early we can
sit in the front rows very good very
good well we'll be right over as soon as
we're through the experiment right
Andrew
I don't remember he don't remember yeah
well I'll see you soon and Ben just
remind Martin Short here because he
can't remember too much to pick up his
tux at Barneys we'll do that was close
she's cool cool she is the loveliest yes
you're right she is cool well it's time
to get reacquainted
grounded for the weekend I want to know
what happened and I want to know now I'm
grounded where have you been around it
please don't do this I'll give you money
and - hi mom you've been breaking your
curfew quite a lot lately
you're breaking my ribs so why are you
trying to break my ribs
yes you did you looked out with your
whole family got a great little sister I
have a little sister Erin she's terrific
you guys really get along you're calling
a girl aren't you
how many times should I tell you the
people on your side don't yell at me
hey that's weird how come you hate
yourself Aaron where's Lee do you think
brothers are a mutant kind of boy Andrew
does any of this jog your memory
sort of I feel like I'm in a constant
state of deja vu I keep flashing on this
guy kind of short dark hair
were described obnoxious also offensive
sort of Kirk you don't like them no I
didn't say that
I'm sure Kirk has lots of potential I
just haven't seen any of it here let me
show you total cretin you know I'm a
jerk I don't usually say that but I am
but out this what kind of guy do you
think I am hey you I hate you I hate you
hey you Steven
gee he seems pretty nice to me yes well
that was a bad memory when he was being
good I'm sure you have lots of good
memories when he was being bad do I have
any other friends and did you do watch
this
and replenish 555 - 602
I kind of feel fine about this I mean
you know everything about me on my
personal secrets my whole life never
besides being your friend I'm also
professional no one else is ever gonna
know about this but us there was a deja
vu again did we go through this before
yes yes we did and you had the same
concerns I think you're starting to
remember
remember what let's try again man I must
really trust you to let you into my life
like this well we've always trusted each
other ever since you were a kid that's
that's what makes a true friendship last
a trust that grows okay I guess I'll
just have to trust you that I trust you
let's go Andrew
what if I told you you had superpowers
that you could run faster than the speed
of light with ten times your own weight
and you would fly what would you say
I guess the only way you're gonna
believe me is if you can see it for
yourself
last yes and your power it's gotten even
stronger after the second one
Wow that's awesome watch this
get down why don't you come up here
too fast
I can do all those things can I try a
superpower now why not
it made me generate your memory we've
got nothing to lose here go ahead
bend it
stop
you've lost everything come on it's not
that bad
doctor doctor Jeffcoat doc dr. J don't
you remember anything
it's no use
don't let us both down stupid machine is
bringing back your memory I'm a failure
as a scientist and what's worse a my
failure as a friend
dr. J I may not remember you very well
but from some of the memories you showed
me I know you're a good friend and I
know if anyone can get my memory back at
you come on
let's give it another shot you got it
okay I'm ready
so am I
Andrew your powers bag and your memory
dr. J yes do you know your mother is of
course I know my mother is she's the one
that's gonna kill us both if we don't
get our tuxedos and get to my sister's
recital
it's just fantastic you're back you
better run right home and tell your
mother we're on our way right there's
one more thing what do I live doc this
is unbelievable
my memories returned better than ever
that's wonderful and I couldn't be
happier
good cuz you owe me 10 bucks what for i
shoveled the driveway and are you
haven't shoveled snow for me since six
years two months five days ago it was a
Tuesday at 11:17 but I'm sure I pay you
if that's what you're getting at I must
have I remember maybe only think you
remember I'll prove it
I better quit while I'm ahead